thank you for joining us this afternoon
my name is Tom glass I am a board member
of navy mil smart meter awareness this
morning Nathan the smart meter where it
is filed a complaint for injunctive
relief in the United States federal
court we're seeking a stay of
installation of smart meters in
diberville Illinois which is set to
begin next week until reasonable
safeguards are in place and a
common-sense alternative option for
customers is made available the Illinois
Attorney General is currently
investigating the City of Naperville for
what we believe to be clear violation of
the illinoise Open Meetings Act the
Illinois Open Meetings Act is designed
to prohibit secret deliberations and
actions of matters which do their
potential impact on the public should be
discussed in public forum violations of
this act or serious offense and causing
the question all decisions made on the
Naperville smart grid initiative for
more than a year and a half members of
the community and the neighborhood smart
meter awareness have engaged to City
Council members our city management and
utility forward regarding concerns about
the wireless meter deployment response
to the community by some members of the
Naperville City Council has been a
mixture of blatant disregard to the
casual dismissal of reasonable requests
including the repeated requests to enact
a 12 month extension on the project is
afforded in the Department of Energy
contract the City of Naperville is
mandated installation of smart meters on
the homes businesses schools and
churches in our community constitutes a
violation of a constitutional rights and
has the potential to cause irreparable
harm to members of our community the
bottom line naperville you cook utility
customers have the right to decide what
technology they wish to be attached to
their personal property California
Connecticut Hawaii Michigan Nevada
washington DC Maine Vermont and British
Columbia have instituted moratoriums
launched investigations or allowed for
reasonable alternative options for their
customers as a result of a public
pushback nay beautiful city council
members our city manager in utility
board have shown utter disregard to
lessons
in other states let me be clear the
decision to file a federal complaint was
made with significant deliberation and
forethought where a project called the
city of naperville our home and we agree
with our mayor who boasts how
progressive a community Naperville is
full of educated and intelligent people
who choose to raise their families or
conduct business here however through
the lack of good faith collaboration by
the Naperville City Council members the
specific statements by the city manager
and council members clarifying that
residents would be given no reasonable
choice in the matter in the urging by
our own neighborhood residents
neighborhood smart meter awareness has
taken this necessary action again thank
you for being here today at this time
you'll take any questions that anyone
has